OSOE-128: Add Markdown linting. (#5)
Lombiq/NodeJs-Extensions: Lombiq.NodeJs.Extensions.SolutionMarkdownAnalysis/Readme.md

# Lombiq Node.js Extensions - Solution-wide Markdown Analysis

> Import this project to enable [markdown analysis](../Lombiq.NodeJs.Extensions/Docs/Markdown.md) solution-wide, including files in the repository root.

Reviewer: The following would be clearer for me:
```suggestion
Add this project to your solution to enable [markdown analysis](../Lombiq.NodeJs.Extensions/Docs/Markdown.md) solution-wide, including files in the repository root.
```
I'm wondering though if "including files in the repository root" is correct for the case where the `.sln` file is **not** in the repository root 😕

Author: I think that's relatively rare so if someone does it, they know it's not applicable.

> For general details about Lombiq Node.js Extensions and how to use it in your project, see the [root Readme](../Readme.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Lombiq Node.js Extensions and how to use it in your project, see the [root Readme](../Readme.md).
```

Author: I deliberately didn't write that, because this document doesn't really have any information. 😉

Reviewer: There's quite some information in https://github.com/Lombiq/NodeJs-Extensions/blob/dev/Readme.md - what do you mean?

Also, `general` and `details` in a single phrase seemed not quite right 😉

Author: I mean [the document we are talking about](https://github.com/Lombiq/NodeJs-Extensions/blob/dec9f48f70ad1dfc0d8725d9cbbc577e7f7533f2/Lombiq.NodeJs.Extensions.SolutionMarkdownAnalysis/Readme.md). EDIT: I don't feel strongly enough about it to argue.
